# Movie_artists
Movie Artists is a branch of IndicWiki Project

## Description
The goal of this project is to automate the process of generation of wikipedia articles for Movie Artists in Telugu language.

## Installation
Create virtual environment in the project folder using the following commands.

> pip install virtualenv


> virtualenv -p python3.7 venv

After the successful creation of virtual environment (venv), clone the repository or down the zip folder of the project and extract it into the project folder.

Activate the virtual environment and headover to install the dependencies by following command.

> $ pip install -r requirements.txt

requirements.txt comes along with the Project Directory.

## Guide to generate articles and corresponding XML files
* Clone the repository into the local system.

* For generating an article, one need the data, render.py, template and genXML.py. Make sure that these files are available.

* Running the genXML.py initialises all the functions necessary for XML generation

* Both the article and the XML file can then be generated by running the render.py file

This repository contains the details and data under TeWiki Project for Movies domain.

## Templates

> Github folder Link: https://github.com/indicwiki-iiit/Movie_artists/tree/main/Template

- This folder contains the templates that are used for article generation
  - main_template.j2 -- Contains the final Jinja2 Template for the article generation.
## Data

> Github folder Link: https://github.com/indicwiki-iiit/Movie_artists/tree/main/Data

* dates5k.csv-- This is the dataset for the Indian artists with all the attributes for them

* filmo_oscar.csv-- This is the filmography details for the movie artists with Oscar awards.

* filmographyedit.csv-- This is the filmography details for the Indian movie artists.

* filmographyfinal.csv-- This is the combined filmography details for both Indian and Oscar movie Artists.

* final1.csv-- The final csv details of all the movie artists.

* oscar_wiki.csv-- This is the data scraped from wiki data for the oscar artists.

* oscar_wikiid2.csv- These are the wiki data ids for all artists.

* oscar_wikiid2k.csv-- These are the wiki data ids for the oscar artists.

* sam.csv-- This is the final csv.

## Scraping 

> Github folder Link: https://github.com/indicwiki-iiit/Movie_artists/tree/main/scrapping

* awards_main.py-- This is the sraping code used for extracting awards details.

* bio_main.py-- This is the sraping code used for extracting personal details.

* filmo_main.py-- This is the sraping code used for extracting filmography details.

* info_main.py-- This is the sraping code used for extracting Infobox details.

* wiki.py-- This is the sraping code used for extracting Wiki data details.

* wiki_oscar.py-- This is the sraping code used for extracting Wiki data details for Oscar Artists.

## stats
Github folder Link: https://github.com/indicwiki-iiit/Movie_artists/tree/main/stats

* Template, translation details.docx.pdf --This is pdf containing details of the template translation  transliteration.

* domain_attribute.pdf--This is pdf containing details of the domain attributes and count.

* finalSTATS.xlsx-- this is the details of the number of stub, generic articles.

## telengfin7_7.pkl
Github file Link: https://github.com/indicwiki-iiit/Movie_artists/blob/main/telengfin7_7.pkl

This is the final pickle file generated from the dataset.

## Readme.md
Github file Link: https://github.com/indicwiki-iiit/Movie_artists#readme

This file has links to the sample article created. It has English Wikipedia,Telugu Wikipedia and tewiki sandboxes. This also has a link to the documentation of what is done every week.

## genXML.py
Github file Link: https://github.com/indicwiki-iiit/Movie_artists/blob/main/genXML.py

This file contains the code for generating an XML file which has the data after rendering for an article.

## Converting _to_pickle.py:
Github file Link: https://github.com/indicwiki-iiit/Movie_artists/blob/main/Converting%20_to_pickle.py

This file contains code for reading the dataset and generating a pickle file

## render.py
Github file Link: https://github.com/indicwiki-iiit/Movie_artists/blob/main/render.py

This is the code used for rendering the movie articles using jinja2 template named main_template.j2 file in templates folder.

## main.py
Github file Link: https://github.com/indicwiki-iiit/Movie_artists/blob/main/main.py

This contains all xml code for generating movie artists xml.
